# Oil Tanker Segmentation - VII

This segment will focus on the process of model inference. You have three different models to choose from the previous segment which can be used to perform image segmentation, but only one model will be used for inference. It is clear that the third model performs best but you still need to find the best iteration or epoch within the model. 

The simple approach is to identify the iteration with the minimum validation loss. The difference in the output of these iterations is the weights learnt during the process of model training. So, let’s see how to obtain these weights to implement the model on another image in the next video.

**VIDEO**

As you can see in the video, the code scans through the logs generated during the training process to identify the best weights. Completion of each iteration generates a checkpoint which is stored in the log directory and can be used later to load the weights for the model implementation.

Now, let’s try to look at random images from the validation set and compare the ground truth and the predictions generated by the model.  
 
**VIDEO**

_Note: You are not required to go into the details as it is out of scope of the program._

As you can see, the model performs well and results in the following three outputs:

-   Bounding box
-   Label with confidence score that the object is detected correctly
-   Segmentation mask

The model is able to generate a segment mask for the images present in the validation set. Now, the model will be tested on some unseen images in the next video.

**VIDEO**

The video highlights the positives and the negatives in the results of the model. The segmentation in some images is clear, however, there is a spillover in multiple instances. One of the reasons for the spillover can be that the generation of segmentation masks depending on the bounding box is not provided as the start of the training purpose, but generated using code. Coming to the final output, you can alter different parameters such as threshold value to improve the results. You can decrease the value to include more anchor boxes in the final result depending on the use case. 

With this, you have come to the end of the case study. The next segment will summarise the concepts covered in the session.